WSTEAM1-816: Set ckns_mvt cookie on all first time visits (#12030)
bbc/simorgh: README.md

The withOptimizelyProvider HOC returns components that have been enhanced with access to an Optimizely client, that is used to run our A/B testing. This is done to limit bundle sizes, as we seperate some of our bundles by page type, that means if we're only running A/B testing on certain page types, we can prevent polluting page type bundles with the weight of the SDK library we use for Optimizely.

> This should be used by using the `handlerBeforeContexts` object key within [applyBasicPageHandlers.js](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/pages/utils/applyBasicPageHandlers.js#L8), as the `ckns_mvt` is [set within the UserContext](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/contexts/UserContext/index.tsx#L33), so the withOptimizelyProvider HOC needs to be applied in the correct order alongside [withContexts](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/pages/utils/applyBasicPageHandlers.js#L13) HOC, so the `ckns_mvt` is availible to be used on first time visits to be used as the Optimizely User Id

Reviewer: Could we reword this slightly as it is a wee bit confusing?

> This should be used by using the `handlerBeforeContexts` object key within [applyBasicPageHandlers.js]

What should be used? We could repeat whatever it is for clarity.
Could we also avoid used & using twice in the same sentence if possible?

Author: Yeah I can make it more succint

> This should be used by using the `handlerBeforeContexts` object key within [applyBasicPageHandlers.js](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/pages/utils/applyBasicPageHandlers.js#L8), as the `ckns_mvt` is [set within the UserContext](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/contexts/UserContext/index.tsx#L33), so the withOptimizelyProvider HOC needs to be applied in the correct order alongside [withContexts](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/pages/utils/applyBasicPageHandlers.js#L13) HOC, so the `ckns_mvt` is availible to be used on first time visits to be used as the Optimizely User Id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should be used by using the `handlerBeforeContexts` object key within [applyBasicPageHandlers.js](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/pages/utils/applyBasicPageHandlers.js#L8), as the `ckns_mvt` is [set within the UserContext](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/contexts/UserContext/index.tsx#L33), so the `withOptimizelyProvider` HOC needs to be applied in the correct order alongside [withContexts](https://github.com/bbc/simorgh/tree/latest/src/app/pages/utils/applyBasicPageHandlers.js#L13) HOC, so the `ckns_mvt` is available on first time visits and set as the Optimizely User Id
```

Reviewer: A more general question - should we use links to the latest version of the code, or a fixed commit ID? Especially once the functionality changes, and the latest code no longer reflects the docs?

Author: Yeah I deliberated on this, either way if the code changes both would become out of date, I thought the latest branch would be better as hopefully a reader can see it's changed based on the context of the readme, but if we link to a fixed commit ID, the code could be completely different from what is actually in the codebase. Happy to change this to a fixed commit ID as I'm not fussed

Example for Article page:
```jsx
import withOptimizelyProvider from '#app/legacy/containers/PageHandlers/withOptimizelyProvider';
import ArticlePage from './ArticlePage';
import applyBasicPageHandlers from '../utils/applyBasicPageHandlers';

export default applyBasicPageHandlers(ArticlePage, {

>   lastHandler: withOptimizelyProvider,

Reviewer: Should this be `handlerBeforeContexts` or do the docs ☝️ need to be updated?
```suggestion
  handlerBeforeContexts: withOptimizelyProvider,
```

Author: Yeah a leftover I forgot to update from a previous commit, good spot
